---
title: DSA 2024
permalink: /about-us/dsa-2024/
description: ""
third_nav_title: DSA
variant: markdown
---
##### Direct School Admission 2024

<p align="justify">
Anglican High School (AHS) is a Mission, Special Assistance Plan (SAP) and Autonomous school guided by its core values: Holiness, Righteousness, Respect, Loyalty, Responsibility &amp; Perseverance. It is the school’s vision to be a vibrant learning community where we endeavor to develop <b>Every AHS Student to be a Leader – Leading Honourably, Learning for Life, Creating Values for Others.</b><br></p>

For DSA 2024, Anglican High School will offer these talents for Primary 6 students.


| S/N | DSA Main Category | DSA Talent Area |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| 1 | Sports and Games     | Basketball (Girls and Boys)|
| 2 | Sports and Games     | Badminton (Girls and Boys)|
| 3 | Sports and Games     | Table-Tennis (Girls and Boys)|
| 4 | Sports and Games     | Wushu (Girls and Boys)|
| 5 | Language and Humanities     | Chinese Language (Girls and Boys)|
| 6 | Leadership and Uniformed Groups     | Boys' Brigade (Boys)|
| 7 | Leadership and Uniformed Groups     | Girls' Brigade (Girls)|
| 8 | Performing Arts     | Modern Dance (Girls)|
| 9 | Performing Arts     | Chinese Drama (Girls and Boys)|
| 10 | Performing Arts     | English Drama (Girls and Boys)|
| 11 | Performing Arts     | Chinese Orchestra (Girls and Boys)|
| 12 | Performing Arts     | Choir (Girls and Boys)|
| 13 | Performing Arts     | Concert Band (Girls and Boys)|
| 14 | Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics     | Robotics (Girls and Boys)|

<p align="justify">
All applicants will apply for DSA-Sec through a centralised DSA-Sec Portal. Prospective students who fit the criteria of our talents are strongly encouraged to apply. </p>

<b><u>Application Procedures</u></b>

- Online Application Period for 2024 DSA-SEC is through the centralized DSA-Sec Portal. For more details, please refer to MOE DSA website – [https://www.moe.gov.sg/dsa-sec](https://www.moe.gov.sg/dsa-sec)

- Opens : 7 May 2024, 11am
- Closes : 3 June 2024, 3pm

- For applicants studying in MOE mainstream primary schools: Only one parent’s SingPass is needed to log in. If parent/guardian is unable to apply online, they can approach the child’s primary school for assistance.

- Students who are not studying in MOE mainstream primary schools have to obtain a Registration Number (RGxxxxxxx) to access the DSA-Sec Portal. Schools may refer them to MOE website at: [https://go.gov.sg/nmsdsa-sec-application](https://go.gov.sg/nmsdsa-sec-application)

- An applicant can indicate <u>up to three choices.</u> Each choice consists of a secondary school and a talent area offered by that secondary school. Of the three choices, an applicant may use a maximum of two choices to apply to the same school, for two different talent areas of that school.

- Anglican High School is a Special-Assistance Plan (SAP) school. All students enrolled must offer Higher Chinese# / Chinese as their Mother Tongue Language. <i>(#Note - Only students who receives MOE letter may opt to offer Higher Chinese.)</i>
- Anglican High School only offers <u>Posting Group 3</u> for student enrolment.

<p align="justify">
	Shortlisted students will be notified through <u>email latest by <b>1 July 2024</b></u> of the date and time to attend the selection tests/auditions/interviews held in Anglican High School. These tests/auditions/interviews will be conducted from 6 July to 9 September. The DSA-Sec schools will be conducting in-person selection for all DSA talent areas for 2024 DSA-Sec.</p>

- Parents and students are encouraged to choose schools wisely based on the student’s aptitudes and strengths, bearing in mind the schools’ academic and non-academic requirements, and the programmes available to develop the area of talent.

- Successful DSA-Sec candidates <b>will not be eligible</b> to participate in the S1 Posting Exercise. To honour the commitment to the posted DSA school for the duration of the programme admitted to, successful candidates <b>will not be allowed</b> to transfer to another school after the release of the PSLE results.

<b><u>Notification of Results</u></b>

- Emails informing applicants on the outcome <u>(Confirmed/Waiting/Unsuccessful)</u> of the application will be issued by <u>9 September 2024</u>.

- No information will be released over the telephone.


<b><u>Important dates to note</u></b>

|  |  |
| -------- | -------- | 
| Online DSA Application (for Sports, Language, Uniformed Groups, Performing Arts and Club) | 7 May 2024 to 3 June 2024     | 
| Sports, Language, Uniformed Groups, Performing Arts and Club audition and interview | 6 July 2024 to 9 Sep 2024<br>(Only <b><u>shortlisted applicants</u></b> will be notified of the date and time to attend the selection tests/auditions/interviews in person) 

<p align="justify">
Students who are interested to apply for Direct School Admission to Anglican High School, please refer to the <b><u>different domain tabs</u></b> for more information.</p>

<b><u>Contact Details</u></b><br>
For further enquiries, please email us at ahs_dsa@moe.edu.sg
<br><br>